- fix visual stutter when resizing
    - from corners and edges
    - when clicking the LFO show/hide button

- a user reported if the input gain is crazy loud (eg. +30dB) the plugin produces silence. Investigate this
  If this is reproducable, it may be simple enough to hard clip the input at +24dB

- Create SDF shader that can draw rectangles, rounded ractangles, and text (rect with image) with linear gradients
  If possible, have it also support circles & arcs.
  Use this to replace most of what NVG is trying to do
  This would make NVG only really useful for complex polygon fills & stroke expansion

- Create API for batch drawing shapes ie. functions that accept arrays of data with the same fill colours

x More visible grid lines
x display modulated parameters on input & wet params
x display LFO range on the mod amount parameter
x display pattern 1-8 better. Try adding each number
x Make grid buttons a slider
x Add rate knob
x unsynced LFO, eg. ms or hz
x Paintable sine shape in the LFO
x Tooltips on complicated controls
  x input
  - cutoff
  - scream
  - resonance
  x LFO shapes
  - LFO grid
  x LFO pattern select
x Add retrig to LFO. Good suggestion from 5 Steps: "Ableton's M4L LFOs for example just have a retrig button you can automate. I think that could be a viable solution that doesn't involve MIDI"
  x current thoughts: no one has time for automating params. make a smart auto trigger based on peak detection

- Stretch/skew points in selection? Could be visualised by a something like a yellow diamond shape in the middle of all the points. The diamond is draggable
- Perlin noise LFO? Leaning towards no on that idea

x make lfo look better
x save LFO state (DAW project load/save)

x it may be possible to create an intelligent 'auto gain' for the input by using some cleverly tuned peak detectors
  Use fast and slow peak detectors similar to what it used in the GUI to display and detect if the input gain is ideal or not
  Use that to calculate how much gain to apply, and then make sure there is a bit of an attack on the applied gain to stop any sharp pops
x test autogain works on a variety of sound sources
  x must be fast enough to not have awful ringing at the beginning and end of sounds
  x must be slow enough not to have clicks

- Add tooltip to LFO explaining the Alt/Option snap to grid behaviour
- Allow users to manually enter rate values on the LFO

x Move output gain knob
x autogain on/off mode
x keytracking option with MIDI input
- keytracking option with audio input
x LFO one shot mode?
x design icons for lfo loop, retrig loop, retrig one shot
x fix icons/text DPI scaling on macOS
- visualise the keytracking offset
x add grid for ms rate
x really low pitch and quiet note causes retrig to rapidly trigger. often caused by saw waves
  support MIDI note 0 with init patch of popular synths
x Redesign the LFO 1 & 2 tabs. The drag/expand icon is redundant and space consuming at best and confusing at worst
x Implement design for the seperator between the LFO and knob section
x if someone has selected an LFO shape that is not the point shape and they click it again, return the selection to the point shape
x get state working in new version

x when holding down keys to play MIDI notes on the macOS standalone version, keydown events are repeatedly sent.
  This would be fine for a text input, but is a bug for anything else. It probably needs to be fixed on the CPLUG side